On each hill you have to climb.
And paced upon the mountains overhead
Murmur, a little sadly, how Love fled
But before I did
Distinct, but distant — clear, but oh, how cold!
Stories untold waiting to unfold.
Life's tapestry woven with threads of gold,
A night-beam Sorrow watcheth to behold,
So take my hand, let's face the world
I'd grab your hand.
But let me stay and take your hand
Into which I would put my hand
Guarding the beauty of this enchanted land.
Mountains stand tall, majestic and grand,
I have a friend
Something is about to be.
And loved the sorrows of your changing face.
The moon smiles down, a radiant face,
Casting its glow upon this sacred space.
Carving their path with a gentle embrace.
How many loved your moments of glad grace,
Rivers flow with a graceful grace,
And watch her feet, how they can dance.
No time to turn at Beauty's glance,
Where skies are painted with shades of glee.
Come, children, gather round my knee,
In the land of dreams we wander free,
Don't pay attention to your age,
Be strong and healthy, don't ever change,
I'll go that extra mile.
I'll help you learn to smile.
And live one day at a time!
Their petals swaying to the rhythm of time.
I'll share your worries when they come,
Fields of flowers dance in perfect rhyme,
Creating bonds that cannot be undone.
Here's hoping you get to do every one!
Warming our hearts as we learn to cope.
The sun shines bright, a beacon of hope,
What is this life if, full of care,
A poor life this if, full of care,
A symphony of joy beyond compare.
We have no time to stand and stare.
We have no time to stand and stare.
You're not alone, for I'm still here.
Caressing our souls with gentle ease.
May all your dreams come true!
And loved your beauty with love false or true,
Whispers of love float on the breeze,
And eventually my whole self.
I would fold myself
Filling the air as we stroll along.
Birds serenade with their melodic song,
A thousand dreams within our reach,
As we journey through this poetic speech.
I'll listen when you need to talk,
And nodding by the fire, take down this book,
And slowly read, and dream of the soft look
That show'st the darkness thou canst not dispel,
Oh, why lament its fall?
But these are transient all;
Unconquered, though she fell;
How like art thou to joy remember'd well!
Still strong to bear us well.
Life, believe, is not a dream
If the shower will make the roses bloom,
Sometimes there are clouds of gloom,
And then my arm
No time to wait till her mouth can
Enrich that smile her eyes began.
Let all your finance be risen,
Oft a little morning rain
What though Death at times steps in
What though sorrow seems to win,
Save problems with the "cold" reaction,
Take from love hot satisfaction.
Until friction made combustion
There are so many ways to have birthday fun.
Your eyes had once, and of their shadows deep.
When you are old and grey and full of sleep,
The day of trial bear,
Hark! It's midnight, children dear.
Into the hole in my pocket and disappear
Duck! Here comes another year.
Whose tearful beam glows tremulously far,
Like some ancient star,
Sun of the sleepless! Melancholy star!
In any kind of weather.
If I had two nickels to rub together,
I would rub them together
And we have fun together.
Like a kid rubs sticks together
And when your grief is easier,
Friendship blooms like a delicate flower,
Laughter echoes through the open air,
Can courage quell despair!
Nurtured by trust, growing stronger by the hour.
A thousand lines, a thousand tales,
Whispers of secrets shared in hushed tones,
Yet Hope again elastic springs,
Still buoyant are her golden wings,
No time to stand beneath the boughs
Whose name is...
In this poetic symphony that never fails.
I wish you wisdom for right decisions,
And bending down beside the glowing bars,
I'll help you face your fears.
I'll wipe away your tears,
And hid his face amid a crowd of stars.
No time to see, when woods we pass,
Where squirrels hide their nuts in grass.
May you have plans of success
I wish you savvy to reach success.
And try to avoid making a mess.
Wishing good luck and happiness.
So let us revel in this poetic bliss,
Immersed in a world where words never miss.
Into the pocket of myself, or at least my pants,
And stare as long as sheep or cows.
So gleams the past, the light of other days,
Which shines, but warms not with its powerless rays;
Let true friends be beside you always.
And they burned a hole in my pocket
Guiding us with their celestial light.
No time to see, in broad daylight,
A thousand stars twinkle in the night,
Streams full of stars, like skies at night.
I cannot ease your aching heart,
Tonight's December thirty-first,
Something is about to burst.
But one man loved the pilgrim soul in you,
All the best! Happy Birthday to you!
I'm here, and I will stand by you
Enjoy your life and Happy Birthday!
Have an amazing birthday,
And sing all day
And walk with you today!
Birthday girl, today's your day!
Foretells a pleasant day.
New Year's Day, a happy day!
Have a wonderful life every day,
We laugh and play
Time to eat cake, sing songs and play.
We are glad and want to play.
We all dance and sing and say,
So dark as sages say;
Nor take your pain away,
And calls our best away?
O'er hope, a heavy sway?
Life's sunny hours flit by,
Enjoy them as they fly!
Gratefully, cheerily,
Rapidly, merrily,
Manfully, fearlessly,
For gloriously, victoriously,
